[MUSIC].
Hello and welcome back.
In this video, we'll be in the Ivet Idol
application
or [UNKNOWN] or terminal, depending on
what you want to use.
The reason I'm letting you use the Idol
application
is for some reason it keeps crashing on my
computer.
So I'm just going to do this from the
command line, however it
works exactly the same way, so it doesn't
matter, which one you use.
The only difference is that with the Idol
application you
don't have to type in python to get your
[INAUDIBLE] up.
But that's of no difference really anyway
so.
To start off just go to if you're on a Mac
go down
toUtilities in the applications and open
up terminal, if you're on Windows then
go to run and then type in Cmd, and you'll
get the command
line open, and the next thing that you
need to be able to do.
Or the next thing you need to rather is
type
in python3 and you'll get the Python
interpreter loading gap.
Yeah, it should look something similar to
this and once you
get to three arrows that means you're
ready to start typing.
And in this video we'll be covering the
alphabetic operators.
So, there's the obvious ones at first,
we'll just say four plus five and I'll
give you nine and five plus nine is 14,
and so, so it's the plus operator.
And these things before and afterwards are
called the operands.
And there's two operands minimum which are
required for an operator to work.
The operator is the bit in the middle.
The plus or the minus sign.
The division, multiplication, modulus,
exponential, floor division.
And so on.
Okay, so after we've done the addition is
also obviously minus,
so for minus, five minus three is two five
minus nine, well
eight, is minus three, And then you also
have multiply, multiplication
which is the asterisk symbol, so two times
five, 10 is 20.
Then you have the division which is the
forward
slash which is say five divided by three
is 1.67.
Now you can use other functions on these,
so if I wanted to round that then I could
round that to two for example, Now there's
another thing and if
you notice this 5 divide by 3, we have
1.67
roughly, and the way that we can change
that to round down, is
to give us
what we want.
[SOUND] Is 5 slash slash 3.
And that will round it down and get rid of
anything which is a decimal point.
And then this also, the other half of
this, which is 5 multiply 3.
The modular sign is the percentage sign
within this and that gives you 2.
Now, it may confuse you slightly as to how
this happens, but that is, is basically
the, the mainder.
So when you divide 5 by 3, you get 1.
And then you have 2 left over from that 3.
So that's 1 remainder 2, basically.
Now, you might think that you should get
the decimal point, which is 0.7.
However, if you don't get that.
What you do get, is, you get the remainder
which is 2.
Okay, and the next part is exponential.
Which if you were to do 5 to the power,
which is done by 2 asterisks.
So 5 to the power of 2 you get 25.
And that
is the main or that is all of the
alphabetic logic operators within python.
So, there will, mainly obvious, the only
two which aren't obvious
are the flaw division, which is two
forward slashes, and the modulus.
And probably the exponential, actually.
So, those last three, they're rarely to be
used, you don't need them as often.
However, its good to be aware that they
exist, because you will be using them
occasionally.
And, depending on what sort of application
it is you're building, the most common are
those three, probably exponentials, which
you'll be using
later on in one of the lab exercises.
So thank you for watching and I will see
you in the next video.
[MUSIC].